Update active_record_callbacks.md [ci skip] (#39335)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_record_callbacks.md

NOTE: The `:on` option specifies when a callback will be fired. If you
don't supply the `:on` option the callback will fire for every action.

> Since using `after_commit` callbacks only on create, update, or delete are

Reviewer: The language in this section seems to prefer "the `after_xxxx` callback", i.e. referring to the trigger rather than the targets.  So for consistency, what do you think about:

```suggestion
Since using the `after_commit` callback only on create, update, or delete is
```

Author: You're right; looks good to me :)
